#miami 

## The Nightshade Conspiracy Pt. 1
2078-09-12
##### Players
- [[../Players/South Florida/Mako|Mako]]
- [[../GM Info/Miami/rpgmanager/Characters/Sojourner|Sojourner]]
- [[../GM Info/Miami/rpgmanager/Characters/Encantombra|Encantombra]]
- [[../GM Info/Miami/rpgmanager/Characters/Blue|Blue]]
- [[../Players/South Florida/Sting|Sting]]


#### Run Report

In game 1 the players were hired by Lady Nightshade. The job was to recover the data that was stolen from Aegis Nexus Labs. The team learned that this was for her own interest and that Aegis had not learned about it just yet, this meant time was of the essence.

The team tried to find the original job and see if there was anything at the meeting location. The meeting took place at a runner bar in Hollywood, FL. This meant that there was little to no recordings going on there. The few they found did not go back far enough to be of much use.

The team then decided to head off to Aegis Labs and see if by chance the camera feeds had been erased or not. When they got in they found that the feeds had not been erased and even had video of two members of the team as well as the vehicle they used. While inside the host the teams decker noticed there was a DI hiding inside the host as well.

The team ran the plates they found from the vehicle that was used and called a police contact of theirs to run the plates. It turned out that it had been impounded that morning, and was picked up near the Venetian Marina & Yacht Club. The team used the footage they had to try track down where this group liked to hang out at. They learned the other team was called the Obsidian Serpents and liked to hang out around Miami Shore. Using a the spirit power search the team found the runners at the abandoned Miami Women's Club building right next to the Yacht Club.