## Never be the hunted

##### Players
- [[../GM Info/Miami/rpgmanager/Characters/Sojourner|Sojourner]]
- [[../GM Info/Miami/rpgmanager/Characters/Encantombra|Encantombra]]
- [[../GM Info/Miami/rpgmanager/Characters/Blue|Blue]]
- [[../Players/South Florida/Sting|Sting]]

##### Pay outs
Nuyen
- 20,000
Karma
- 11

#### Run Report
The players are called by Lady Nightshade to protect Dr. Thorne while he finishes up his research and to then escort him to a campsite out in the Everglades. Before the players arrive, they get a call from a random Johnson offering the players more money to steal the Veil Shatterer for him. The players turns him down and discards the commlink that was called.

When the players arrive at the lab, they are introduced to two new runners to join their group. After introductions Lady Nightshade heads off towards the campsite to get it setup for when Dr. Thorne arrives. The players setup for overwatch and waits. About 10 minutes after Lady Nightshade leaves, 5 Aztech mercs arrive and try to sneak up on the players. They notice them as they arrive and killed all of them. With no response from the forward team for 5 minutes the rest of Aztechnology rocked up and made a picket line in the neighboring lot that allowed them to see all exits.

The main force told the players to surrender Dr. Thorne and the Veil Shatterer to them and that the players have 20 minutes to respond. Blue didn't feel like waiting and sent a grenade under the first vehicle he could see destroying it and sending it flipping to the side. This set off a fight where Aztechnology started with laying suppressing fire on Blue's position. The rest of the team decided to leave, at this Sojourner forcibly grabs Dr. Thorne while he is working on the Veil. This Angers him and almost causes him to electrocute the Decker's drone. The rest of team rushes back to their vehicles while Blue tries to fire another grenade before running himself. As the team rushes back to their vehicles, the Veilkeepers show up and start their attack. Seeing Aztechnology there, they engage with them first. As the players flee the decker uses this time to make one of the vehicles ram into another and tries to squish several of the mercs. The team manages to get away unscathed, although the lab is now both compromised and destroyed.

The team arrives at the campsite using a rented airboat as well as Sting's personal one. Once there, Dr. Thorne and Lady Nightshade finishes the preps for the ritual to destroy the Veil Shatterer. The ritual takes all night to do, but once finished there is a large surge of magic from the Veil Shatterer creating a beautiful blue light on everything before exploding itself.