#miami 
## Deciphering the Code
2078-10-18
##### Players
- [[../GM Info/Miami/rpgmanager/Characters/Encantombra|Encantombra]]
- [[../GM Info/Miami/rpgmanager/Characters/Blue|Blue]]
- [[../Players/South Florida/Samsara|Samsara]]
- [[../GM Info/Miami/rpgmanager/Characters/Sojourner|Sojourner]]
- [[../Players/South Florida/Sting|Sting]]
- [[../Players/South Florida/Tezca|Tezca]]
##### Pay outs
Nuyen
- 5,000
Karma
- 8

#### Run Report
Sojourner got handed the encoded data the team retrieved last game. After spending a day or so looking at it, he determined he needed help and took a dive into the resonance realms. Once in the realms he went to the Endless Archive and met found a denizen willing to help him. The Denizen went by db65d765 and pointed him to a book that told him how to use Search History and Primed Charge complex forms. He used this to find the deleted communications that hold the information on how to use the cipher for the coded information. Upon leaving he is attacked by a null trying to kill him. Neither lands a hit and he gets out successfully. 

After decoding the data, the team contacts [[../NPCs/Friendly/South Florida/Lady Nightshade|Lady Nightshade]]. It takes her two days to get back with them before having them head up to [[../Corps (Local)/South Florida/Cyberscape Nexus|Cyberscape Nexus]] and give the data to [[../NPCs/Friendly/South Florida/Nexus|Nexus]]. He provides the team with a paper holding the job and lets Nightshade know to hand the money over. They were also given a code word for the "The Kings hand" of "The Joker"

Mrs. Nightshade negotiated for 25,000 nuyen each for the job and data with 5,000 of it up front.