#miami 
## Taking the Hand Pt. 1
2078-10-19 to 10-23
##### Players
- [[../GM Info/Miami/rpgmanager/Characters/Encantombra|Encantombra]]
- [[../GM Info/Miami/rpgmanager/Characters/Blue|Blue]]
- [[../Players/South Florida/Samsara|Samsara]]
- [[../GM Info/Miami/rpgmanager/Characters/Sojourner|Sojourner]]
- [[../Players/South Florida/Sting|Sting]]
##### Pay outs
Nuyen
- 0
Karma
- 6

#### Run Report
The players go into the E-zone and kill some devil rats to use as an excuse for being in the zone. On their way to the location a black semi with a triangle ram plate nearly hits them as it crosses the street behind them. Once they get to the location they sit up watch to see if there is any traffic for four days. During those four days Encanto learns that he does not like camping at all, even in his truck. After four days they see the same black truck pull up quite fast and then back into the building. They use this to get a flyspy into the building and see what is up with it. 

Once inside the team learns that the site is deep underground with what appears at first to only have the one entrance. As they look back at the footage they find that the site has at least one emergency exit. With this knowledge in hand Encanto and Sojourner place a datatap on an exterior sensor to gain access to the host. Once Sojourner is inside he finds what he believes are the blueprints as well as a nested host, although the file is encrypted. Using the power of a sprite he gets a copy of it to decrypt later.

Next Sojourner gets marks on the nested host and jumps in there. He finds the files related to the "King's Hand" and copies all of it. He thinks about erasing the data before the team mentions that it might alert the site to something being up. He then starts to write a script to make the files become empty after the team is done but has to abandon this and try to make it later after realizing his OS is getting too high. 

The team ends the session heading back to their houses so Sojourner can decrypt the file and make a script that he can set off in the host to erase all of the files containing the info on the "King's Hand"