#miami 

## Never be the hunted
2078-09-17
##### Players
- [[../GM Info/Miami/rpgmanager/Characters/Sojourner|Sojourner]]
- [[../GM Info/Miami/rpgmanager/Characters/Encantombra|Encantombra]]
- [[../GM Info/Miami/rpgmanager/Characters/Blue|Blue]]
- [[../Players/South Florida/Sting|Sting]]

##### Pay outs
Nuyen
- 11,000 at the start
- 12,000 at the end
Karma
- 10

#### Run Report
The team head to Mystique Emporium to meet with Lady Nightshades contact. Once there the proprietor, Madame Seraphina, welcomes them in and takes the veil into the backroom where it is secure and hidden. She then asks the team to go get data from a book on the Veil Shatterer in the Library of Alexandria. She says that she can't go as she is banned from the Library after steeling a book from it last time she was there.

The team heads into the Library and talk to Mr. Bookbinder about where the book can be found. He shows them to book begrudgingly and heads back to his station. The team take notes at first then the technomancer decides to see what happens when summoning a data sprite. When they get a little person show up, they ask it to put a copy of the book on their comlink. This ends up causing them to take a point of damage from the book and the comlink smashing together. The after math left the book and a comlink that is now thicker than the book.

The team leaves the library just to be attacked by 5 hooded figures, they manage to kill them and leave before getting caught by the police in the metaplane. They did so with one of their team knocked out. Once back at the Emporium they hand the data over to Madame Seraphina and then ask if they can rest a bit to heal up before they head out.