## Piracy 101 Pt. 2
2078-11-11
##### Players
- [[../GM Info/Miami/rpgmanager/Characters/Encantombra|Encantombra]]
- [[../GM Info/Miami/rpgmanager/Characters/Blue|Blue]]
- [[../Players/South Florida/Samsara|Samsara]]
- [[../GM Info/Miami/rpgmanager/Characters/Sojourner|Sojourner]]
- [[../Players/South Florida/Sting|Sting]]
- [[../Players/South Florida/Mako|Mako]]
##### Pay outs
Nuyen
- 20,000
- 22,000
Karma
- 6

#### Run Report
The team proceeded to use a spirit to open the door on the deck level of the tower. They went to head up the stairs where [[../Players/South Florida/Encantombra|Encantombra]] critically glitched going up the steep ship stairs and fell face first on the steps. On their way up the stairs, they get high enough up that the the guards on in the bridge throw a flash bang down the stairs at them as they heard the steps. The flash-bang was over thrown and bounced its way well down the stairs before exploding. With this the team headed back down the stairs to find an access point for a data tap.

[[../Players/South Florida/Encantombra|Encantombra]] and [[../Players/South Florida/Blue|Blue]] see a camera and try to take the protective casing off of it to get a data tap connected. While they worked on this [[../Players/South Florida/Mako|Mako]] proceeds to explore the lower levels more and finds the kitchen and an intercom system. The team connects a data tap on it and gets the data for where the container they are looking for is. They head down the stairs and find the container. On this container is two locks, one that is a simple pad lock and one a lot more complicated that [[../Players/South Florida/Encantombra|Encantombra]] takes with him (rating 18). 

They get the equipment along with several dozen meta links, a magical gem, and leave the boat. As they are about to leave, a nearby [[../AAA Corps/Aztechnology|Aztechnology]] ship explode sending debris everywhere. As they head back into port there is another explosion of a boat, and it is also an [[../AAA Corps/Aztechnology|Aztechnology]] boat. When they get back to shore, they take the gem to [[../NPCs/Friendly/South Florida/Madame Seraphina|Madame Seraphina]] to examine. She offers 30,000 nuyen with more possible after her examination. The next day they get a wire transfer for another 102,000 nuyen and a message asking "Where did you find this". After the team responds she goes quite.