Arcane uses the name Dr. Rutherford Kaine for his academic work, but this is actually a top-grade fake SIN. His real given name is something he’s not willing to share. He looks human, with light brown hair, average build, and medium height. For a lot of his life he thought he was human, but Arcane is actually fae. He has always known he was the son of a minor British noble, but now that he has discovered his true heritage he claims to be the son of a wild fae calling herself the Queen of Roses. Arcane has spent most of his life in the metahuman world, where he attended college and earned doctorates in thaumaturgy, archaeology and linguistics. After college, he became frustrated by official (legal) academic procedures, and Arcane decided the best way to accomplish his goals was to go outside the system and take what he wanted, using the skills of a shadowrunner. He spent several years with Front Range Consulting, a runner team based in Denver, and he now considers the city his home. Arcane became close friends with another member of FRC, the local fixer [[../../../Players/Denver Prime/Cat|Cat]], and that friendship has led some to speculate that he also works with Ghostwalker. The facts that he has a hostile reaction to anyone known to practice spirit binding and that he always seems to be in the company of numerous free spirits lend some weight to that theory. 

Dr. R. Kaine is a well-known researcher specializing in ancient languages as well as antediluvian and pre-antediluvian lore. Within an elite circle of clients however, Arcane is also known as a multiplanar traveler for hire who has the ability to take people along with him. Arcane has several spirit-like powers due to his fae heritage including an ability to open a small metaplanar gateway, allowing people to travel to the metaplanes directly and physically without the need for astral travel.