Carol McTavish, also known as [[../../../Players/Denver Prime/Cat|Cat]], is a semi-retired shadowrunner who operates as a fixer and sometimes Johnson in the Denver shadows. The jobs [[../../../Players/Denver Prime/Cat|Cat]] handles as a Mr. Johnson often lead back to the FRFZ government or even Ghostwalker, fueling speculation about her exact relationship with big, pale and scaly. As a runner she worked with the Denver shadowrunning team Front Range Consulting and had a reputation as a powerful mystic adept who excelled at both long and short range combat. [[../../../Players/Denver Prime/Cat|Cat]] is a green eyed, brown haired, female Ork with a slim but athletic build who looks to be in her early twenties. Born and raised in Scotland, [[../../../Players/Denver Prime/Cat|Cat]] still has a pronounced Scottish accent despite living in Denver for most of her adult life.

[[../../../Players/Denver Prime/Cat|Cat]] is currently in Manhattan staying at the Waldorf-Astoria on a corporate account that traces back to an AA corp named Lighthouse Industries. She won’t say exactly who she is working for, but it doesn’t take a lot of connecting the dots to realize that Ghostwalker would be the one most interested in the information generated by her runs. There are also rumors now floating about that [[../../../Players/Denver Prime/Cat|Cat]] may actually be a drake, although there has been no recorded sightings of her changing forms.

Name: Carol "Cat" McTavish
Metatype: Ork
Age: 30
Gender: Female
Ancestry: Scottish
Magic: 10

Description: A 