---
tag: Sunday_Game
---
2-23-2080

# Simple does not mean easy

[[../Players/Berlin Game|Berlin Crew]]

Templar contacts the team, he has a job offer for them. This should be easy money. The job is 35k each to retireve a stolen shipment from a gang in Lichtenberg. The shipment was a wooden crate with dimmensions of 1x1x.5 m. Make sure that any contents removed from the crate are recovered, there was a shipping manefest with the items. 

+8k each

On their way to the hide out they will pass a group of about 10 members of the Horde, they for once don't just open fire on the team.

When the players arrive at the hide out they will find more than they barganed for. The gang is a bit inventive, they have two Ballistas with telephone poll darts that are tipped with explosives. If the team tries to just storm the group of 20, they will fire the two ballistas at the team as their first action before moving to be able to fire. the ballistas each do 25p -2 ap -2/m

regardless of how they get into the building, once inside they will find that the crate has been opened and what ever was inside is missing. With a successful search(10, 5 minutes) test they will find the manifest buried under several scraps of paper and flash paper. The manifest lists the contents as 2 rifles each with the same identifier code minus the last number, where they are only off by one. They are two modified puncher rifles

acc: 7
DV: 12P
AP: -18
Mode: SS
RC: 1
Ammo: 8

If any of the gangers are still alive they will tell them who they sold the weapons too. If they are not alive, there are cameras that picked up them selling these to members of the Horde, along with a member of a gang that only Glitch or Angel might know (The Shaders). 

12 karma