---
tag: Sunday Game
---
1-27-2080
# Overblown
[[../Players/Berlin Game|Berlin Crew]]
[[../NPCs/Friendly/Germany/Evangelia Kaufmann|Evangelia Kaufmann]] contacts the team with a job from a Mr. Johnson.
Mr. J is pissed about some of his cars being stolen without any of his guards noticed. He wants you to hit a chemical plant and destroy its historic tower. chop the top off that tower. He is willing to pay 30,000 nuyen each + 10,000 nuyen

When the team leaves, [[../Players/Germany(Sunday)/Glitch|Glitch]] will get hit with a message asking if their team would like to do a job. [[../Players/Germany(Sunday)/Glitch|Glitch]] is contacted by [[../NPCs/Friendly/Germany/Immo Mauer|Immo Mauer]], if asked how he got their comm code they will respond with "that is not important at the moment." If pressed more, they will mention they got it off Evangelia's commlink. She is not great at keeping her comm secure from this fixer, but tends to have good leads on jobs that would really hurt the Man. If they listen Immo will ask the team to retrieve data from the servers on site at the chemcial plant they are going to. This data is contains information on Serpil Diederich's illegal activities as well as the taxes he is failing to pay. They pay for this data is 50,000 nuyen each. +20,000 nuyen

The Chemical plant is made up of 7 builds around a water way connection. The tower is at the waters edge on the left side of the water way when looking out at the water. The Tower is 3 stories tall, The team must take it down below 2 stories as a minimum. total destruction is acceptable. The data is found across 3 machines, 2 are in buildings on the same side as the tower and the third is in a building on the other side.

Security is mostly done with matrix devices, These devices are hooked up directly to the local pd response system. 