---
tag: Sunday Game
---
2-7-2080

# Attack on Ardat-Lili

[[../Players/Berlin Game|Berlin Crew]]
[[../NPCs/Friendly/Germany/Immo Mauer|Immo Mauer]] wants the players to figure out what is going on down in the labs under [[../A Corps/Ardat-Lili Cyberware|ARDAT-LILI CYBERWARE]]. Immo wants to know if they have deen successful at all at making people awakened. Immo also wants to know what else they are doing down there. As well as if all of the soldiers for hire are just grabbed from the street. For this He will offer 65,000 nuyen each.
+10,000 nuyen 
11 karma

If they find out that there are people down there and let Immo know. Immo will offer them 130,000 nuyen each to rescue them all and bring them to METRO Schönefeld where one of his associates will meet them and help them get out of town and either return to their old life or start new ones.


##### Game actions
The team got the uniforms of 4 guards, snuck into the lab as these four guards. Once down there, the team plugs in datataps to the reception and camera room terminals. Max and Angel then go around the to look for an offline server. While going around they run into a lab tech who asks what they are doing. while beliving the lie, they mention this to another guard who gets 3 others. Those 4 guards get armor and gel round smgs to find these two rouge guards. Max and Angel find the server room and plugin the datatap, this is when they are found by the 4 guards. The guards ask Max why they are not at their post. Max does not convince them he is authorized to do this and attacks the guards. Kills one with a monowhip, and injures a second one. Max gets knocked out by the other 2, however he is turned invisable before he gets knocked out. Angel then gets the guards to turn on each other, turns invis and gets Max out of there. The team then run out of the area.

Data collected
- The lab rats are a mix of paid volunteers and forced volunteers
- They are still failing on making technomancers
- They are still failing on making awakened
- The soldiers are all forced, this is only a memory wipe location.
- Soldiers are offered pay after they get to their next location and that their "Family" is getting paid.