2-15-2080
# No Angel left behind
[[../Players/Berlin Team|Berlin Crew]]
If they find out that there are people down there and let Immo know. Immo will offer them 130,000 nuyen each to rescue them all and bring them to METRO Schönefeld where one of his associates will meet them and help them get out of town and either return to their old life or start new ones.

minuses 
- 5 from concealment

Tanka
- 1 stealth
-  5 improved invis

Firestorm
- 8 sneak
- 4 rpc
- 4 thermal damp
- r4 ultrasonic Noise

Max
- 5 sneak
- 4 rpc

Dok
- 2 sneak
- 4 rpc

[[../Players/Germany(Sunday)/Jericho|Jericho]]
- 6 sneak
- -3 RPC
- 3 Improved Invis (f3 4 hits)

[[../Players/Germany(Sunday)/Glitch|Glitch]]: drones
- walker: 4 sneak
- roto drone: 3 sneak


##### Game actions
145,833 nuyen
12 karma

The team tracked Angel down to the black site. They figured out how to get in using an earth spirit, had to use one common sense. Once in, the team tried to sneak. upon coming to the first room with people, Max tried to use commanding voice. This failed, at which point the team went loud. Once they went loud, about 8 -10 grenades were used along with about 100 rounds of ammo total. The grenades were used with a extreme prejudice, this left the facility in ruins and the scientists all ran to one end of the site and hid while the shooting happened. once the team had control of the site, they killed all of the scientists, blew up the site and created a sink whole above it. [[../A Corps/Ardat-Lili Cyberware|Ardat-Lili Cyberware]] is under investigation for the massive explosion that rocked the AA security rating area.  The team turned who they found over to Immo, who helped them get their old life back. The team may have more digging to do
