#Sunday_Game
4-8-2080
[[../Players/Berlin Game|Berlin Crew]]

[[../../NPCs/Friendly/Germany/Immo Mauer|Immo]] has the team prob the forest to see if the theorized route will work. The offer is 20,000 nuyen each to confirm it works + 4,000 nuyen. 

- uses a flyspy to determine the exact timing needed.
	- finds that there is a small window to move after a wait of between 26 seconds and 32 seconds before moving on past the final two drone patrols
- buys a Criado Juan to test the timing

While the team is near the Black Forest, the team will get a call from [[../NPCs/Friendly/Germany/Reinhart (Templar) Gärtner|Templar]] with a job that takes them to Stuttgart offering 40,000 nuyen each for the job. the job is to take a cooler of zygotes and deliver them to the Johnson. The Johnson will proceed to double-cross by handing them credsticks with stealth trackers.

- The team use Angel and Max as a destraction to allow Jericho to get into the fridge and grab the zygoats
- Angel meets the Johnson at the park and gets handed the 7 modified credsticks
- The Johnson throws the credsticks at Angel before nervously leaving
- The cops are called on the team, they start doing damage on the cop vehicle that is following them. The cops report it in about being hit with matrix damage and switch from rigger control to manual control.

[[../../NPCs/Friendly/Germany/Immo Mauer|Immo]] contacts the team and is willing to pay the team 80,000 nuyen each to escort equipment into the Black Forest. it is two van sized drones full of weapons and equipment for the Rebels to use. 20,000 nuyen extra for hazard pay.
- the team sneaks into the black forest to meet the rebel faction. 
- the team is attacked by an unknown assailent after 