---
tag: Sunday Game
---
3-25-2080
[[../Players/Berlin Game|Berlin Crew]]

Tanka gets a message from the Black Forest rebels about teaming up after they over heard some of the commanders talking about the team and how one of them is an ogre that was from the forest and was taken from them while being shipped for back for training after a mind wipe. Using this information the Rebels tracked down a log of her aura and sent an owl to her using her aura and last known location. The Owl took 4 days looking for her before finding her and delivering the message.

The team decides to have conversation with the Rebels. They figure out that the Rebels are wanting to communicate with Leo Alliance, the group Immo is partnering with. The team hits up [[../../NPCs/Friendly/Germany/Immo Mauer|Immo]] about the communications, where the Leo Alliance wants the communications system setup. They offer 10,000 nuyen each for getting the communications method to them along with the gear.

The rebels will contact the team over the commlink to test the security of it. Once the runners have it, they take it to [[../../NPCs/Friendly/Germany/Immo Mauer|Immo]]. Once [[../../NPCs/Friendly/Germany/Immo Mauer|Immo]] has it he will spend some time communicating with the Rebels to work out what the next plan will be.

They find that the target is Hans-Theo Grunwald, and his room number. After the party takes the engine, they get back to the Johnson and learn from a phone call that his first name is Louis. 

35,000 nuyen
10 karma