---
tag: Sunday Game
---
# Fast and Furious

4-15-2080
[[../Players/Berlin Game|Berlin Crew]]

Kaufman has a job for the runners where the Johnson is in the hotel Little Kings. When the team gets there there is no one at the front desk. It all appears to be automated. After a moment, the system says "Part of 6 follow the green arrows" and a series of Green arrows appear in the AR.

They take the team to a room where a male Hobgoblin is waiting for them. once everyone is sat down he turns on a white noise generator. "Thank you for coming, the job I have should be both fun and a entertaining. There is a race in 3 days between the Dikote Devils and the Ottomans. I want to you make sure that the Dikote Devils win. This can be done in any number of ways. The only caviaute is that the race must still happen. The pay is 25,000 nuyen each. Do you accept?"
+5,000 nuyen

If the team accepts "Here are the locations of both vehicles that have been entered in the race as well as both of the teams choosen drivers. If you think you can do better than the driver for the Dikote Devils, you can sub in for them if you wish. The race will take place on the 18th at 7pm. Do you have any other questions?"
- also hands over the route

The team will find evidence of something shady in the garage for the Osmanen car. If they assence any of the substances they will find out that someone had some jars of Fab ii and they are all broken. If they look into it more they will find evidence of Insect spirits having been held in the back of the garage. 
- they find a runner team planting evidence of insect spirits in the garage. the insect spirit parts were provided to them by the Johnson.

On the 18th, the team gets a call from a man by the name of Kadri Enver. "My name is Kadri Enver, I am the leader of the Ottomans. I would like to have a little chat with you over lunch. If you would do me this honor, I am willing to give you each 1000 nuyen just to turn up."

If the team turns up, they see Mr. Johnson is there as well. "Thank you for coming, I heard you were doing some work for the Monkey King here. Now he and I had agreed to settle our little dispute peacefully and fairly, it appears he has decided to not make it very fair. I would like to offer you all 35,000 nuyen each to go back and undo all of the things you have done to weight the race in the King's favor." You see that the Monkey King is hanging his

terrain modifiers
0
2
4
4


66,000 nuyen
10 karma

The other runner team's decker exchanges numbers with glitch.
- call sign Meatball