#Sunday_Game
2080-6-17
[[../../Players/Athens|Athens]]

Aléxios Callas calls and has a job for the team. He mentions that the pay on this one is pretty good and Mr. Johnson wants to meet Cafe Poletia at 10 am. 

Mr. Johnson is an older man, appears to be in his 50s. He has a wearing a nice suit and has a calm but authoritative deminor. When the team arrives he waves them down and then does a fairly obvious cast of sound barrier around the table. 

"Thank you for coming, I have a job that I would like a very skilled team to assist with. I need you all to run security for the grand opening of my new club 'The Enchanted Elixir'. The pay for this is 45,000 nuyen each. I expect to have a huge crowd tonight as I have been promoting it everywhere. I will need you all to make sure that anyone coming in is over the age of 18, that no weapons are brought into the club. You are also to not allow anyone to enter after midnight, as after that it becomes a closed party. Once the doors are all shut, you may keep people from entering however you wish and you may join in on the festivities if you so choose to. You are to allow anyone that wishes to leave the ability to leave. Any questions?"

Once there the evening is fairly uneventful. There are a few people that try to get past with fake SINs but nothing to bad. Around 11:30 a group from The Cult of Dionysus, this group tries to get in with weapons and drugs, perception(5) rolls. 

If the team assenses the club they will notice that there is a club wide cast of two illusion spells. Trid Phantasm and Opium Den 14 and 10 hits respectively.

At Midnight Chaotic World will be cast with a force large enough to cover the club as well. Then the staff will lead everyone with a mob mind

The team ended up starting a fight and killing two of the mages before the other three ran off

14 karma

