The trio of arcotowers that sprouted up in the 2070s are colloquially known as “The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly.” The tower in Black Forest is officially called known as The Briargate Arcotower, but everyone that doesn’t live there calls it “The Bad” because it’s controlled with an iron fist by a group of religious fanatics.  
  
When Ghostwalker went to war with Aztlan and the UCAS, he destroyed whole swaths of Colorado Springs as a result. The only areas left untouched were the neighboring districts of Black Forest and Castle Rock. The Bad was a last-ditch effort to try to get residents of Colorado Springs to stay in the area. The designers figured that it would protect residents from the rising crime, the climate changes that were inexplicably happening, and even potentially from the dragon that had devastated the city.  
  
The reality was far from the dream. The city’s wealthiest people were the only ones who could afford to live in the arcotower, and they quickly implemented policies that would allow them to maintain control over the building’s residents by allowing them to screen any applicants before they could be allowed to enter.  
  
This elite group was quickly infiltrated and taken over by the Church of the Holy Word, whose extreme religious views permeate the arcotower to this day. Residents are expected to attend weekly ceremonies and at least pay lip service to the preaching. They are also expected to constantly display their affiliation with the Church, report any outsiders or “degenerate” elements, and persecute anyone displaying “moral degradation”.  
  
The Church very quickly took to policing their own arcotower as well, giving the Followers of the Holy Sword sole rights to own and utilize weaponry and armor, and expecting them to zealously protect the arcotower and its residents. The Church sees this arcotower as the last bastion of humanity in a world going to Hell, and they protect it appropriately.  
  
The Bad has 7,000 apartments designed to hold families of 4. It also has nearly a thousand businesses within, most of which focus on selling necessities rather than luxuries. Luxuries are heavily taxed by the Church, to ensure that moral standing is maintained. As a result of the heavy control over the arcotower, the place is still not at full capacity. Estimates from those that have managed to get inside say that it’s at about 50% capacity, with the bottom floors and the top floors as the most populated. Those that live on the bottom floors are considered “furthest from God” and therefore do most of the menial labor and repair.

District: [[../../../Locations/FRFZ/Colorado Springs|Colorado Springs]]