#Denver
[[../Players/Denver Prime|Denver Specials]]
2082-01-18
[[../NPCs/Friendly/Howard Dumbacher|Howard]] calls the team with a job for Ares in Seattle. Wuxing is having a shipment that they want identified without it leading back to Ares. They would like it tracked to see where it goes as well. 600,000 nuyen each for the info.

Max hacks into the Wuxing harbor host, finding two entries that could be the item. 
Upon looking into them, they are both already off loaded onto the docks. They were done so before we even got there. 

Upon letting howard know, he wants the info on both. Will renegotiate on the second item should it be that.

we run into another team that is trying to steal some of the items. The girls are spotted and stopped before they get to far. We keep any of them from dying and pay the decker that hired them for the lost pay (out of Cats money). 

[[../Players/Denver Prime/Spectre|Spectre]] finds 3 drones in the boxes in the first building for transport to and from space. the 4th box ends up having a small child with a magic of 7 at 3 years old.

Fancy walked up to [[../Players/Denver Prime/Cat|Cat]] asking about her being a fixer. 
Fancy's team
- veto
- lace (drake)
- hearsay (waitress)


[[../Players/Denver Prime/Incubus|Incubus]] decided to mind net with the little girl. informers her about summoning where she got a spirit of earth. that opened the wall and started fighting the guards. also learned assenssing.

Little girl is taken to a house with a man of magic 12, is excited to aquire the girl. She is taken down to a cell, where the orderlies are not awakened. There is no host on the house. They are going to do some cloning, she is also most likely a clone. [[../Players/Denver Prime/Incubus|Incubus]] and [[../Players/Denver Prime/Spectre|Spectre]] rescue the girl and robs the man before leaving with her.
- cred sticks
- jewelery
- odd puzzle box
- papers
	- how to successfully clone an awakened person.

Howard wants the drones, [[../Players/Denver Prime/Swiss|Swiss]] and [[../Players/Denver Prime/Cat|Cat]] are in the room with the drones but needs to get out with the drones from their archology. 