#Sunday_Game
3-11-2080
[[../Players/Berlin Game|Berlin Crew]]

The team is called up by [[../NPCs/Friendly/Germany/Evangelia Kaufmann|Evangelia Kaufmann]] has a Mr. J that has a job she thinks the team would like. Mr. Johnson would like hire the team to kill a crew chief of the gang Leet Legion. They are located in the Kowloon Berlin, there are a lot of other gangs in there though. If possible, make it look like the Horde took them and their crew out. 15,000 nuyen each for the hit, an extra 5,000 nuyen each for making them think it was the Horde. +5,000 nuyen each on the roll.

While in Kowloon Berlin, the team will be approached by a squatter and asked if they can escort her out of there. She will promise to pay what she can once she is out of there, (30,000 nuyen each). She would like them to escort her to an apartment building less than a block from the Zehlendorfer Platte archology. If they run her face, they will find she is upper management in Proteus with an estimated yearly income of 15 million nuyen. If they learn this and ask her about it then she will only give them 30,000 each. If they take her back without to much fuss, she will give them an extra 10,000 nuyen and her contact info. 

##### [[../../NPCs/Friendly/Germany/Heidi Nagel|Heidi Nagel]]
connection 8
loyalty 1 

while on the job, the team will notice the local gangs more than before. Especially the Horde, they seem to be quite litterally everywhere. While on the job, they will be hit by a runner team. This runner team does not want to kill them though, they want to get trackers on the players so they can more easily hit them one at a time. They also have been tasked with convincing the team to chase them back towards a trap if possible. This trap is outside of the Berlin zone, thus it will be harder to get them to follow. Although underground tunnels from ww2 and from the more recent Eurowars might be the best way to get them to follow, this is more dangerous for the enemy runner team though.


leader of the runner team
- Fenway
-  Sneak runner heads to Kazan, Russia\

The team hired a new team (4 new runners) to spring the trap. This went as expected and the new team was captured and taken up to ArcticWave Cryopod. The players are going up there to rescue the new runner team next game.

#### End stats
21,000 nuyen each
9 karma each
35,000 nuyen for Tanka, Max, and Angel
New contact for Tanka, Max, and Angel