#Sunday_Game
2080-7-1
[[../../Players/Athens|Athens]]

Aléxios Callas calls with a job from a Mr. Johnson. The Johnson asks the team to meet at a hotel in downtown [[../../Locations/Greece/Attica/Athens|Athens]]. The instructions from Callas is that the team needs to talk to the front desk about being invited to have a drink of Fanta with Mr. Dimitriou. 

The hotel will escort the team to a secure room where matrix access is cut off once the door shuts. Inside there are two guards that ask for any weapons the team has on them before allowing them past the second door. 

Once inside with the Dimitriou the team will see an older asian man sitting on one end of a big conference table. When the team sits down he turns on a hologram in the table showing an artifact. The artifact appears to be some kind of knecklace. Mr. Dimitriou then speaks.

"I need you all to recover this artifact for me. A group of runners stole it from my office two days ago. I have not been able to acertain who exactly it was that stole it, they did however leave this note for me." The man puts a picture of a note on the table. "I believe it was a corporation that took it, they probably are a rating AA status if there were willinng to try this against my employer. I am willing to pay you each 50,000 nuyen to recover it for me." +15000 nuyen

Once the team agrees "Excelent, I wish I had more info for you to go off of. Once you have recovered the item, can you please contact me." He hands over a business card that looks almost fake. "Once you call me I will arrange for a drop point for you."

The players should be able to identifiy the note as being of SK origin. There is only one location in the city that has extraterritoriality status, the other SK buildings have not been granted that status. If the team gets into the building, they will find a normal office building until they reach floor 5. once on floor 5 the team will find about 30 guards. use rating

8 stun on one from group 2

mook1
10 stun
mook2
6 stun
mook3
9 stun

Game ended in TPW
Glitch and Dok arrested. 
Max and Angel got the bounty
The rest get a lump of cash from the bounty after being let go.